Release 2021.11.0 (#2716)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2021-okta-identity-engine/index.md

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>
<ApiLifecycle access="Limited GA" /><br>

## November

### Monthly release 2021.11.0

| Change                                                                   | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Brands API support for auto-detecting contrast colors](#brands-api-support-for-auto-detecting-contrast-colors) | November 3, 2021 |
| [New Devices API response property available](#new-devices-api-response-property-available) | November 3, 2021 |
| [New error page macros for themed templates](#new-error-page-macros-for-themed-templates)                          | November 3, 2021          |
| [Event Hooks daily limit](#event-hooks-daily-limit)                          | November 3, 2021          |
| [Token-based SSO between native apps is now GA in Production](#token-based-sso-between-native-apps-is-now-ga-in-production)                          | October 6, 2021          |

#### Brands API support for auto-detecting contrast colors

> The Brands API [Theme object properties](/docs/reference/api/brands/#theme-api-objects) `primaryColorContrastHex` and `secondaryColorContrastHex` automatically optimize the contrast between font color and the background or button color. The auto-detection feature can be disabled by updating either property value with an accepted contrast hex value. See [Update Theme](/docs/reference/api/brands/#update-theme).<!--OKTA-426715-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Brands API [Theme object properties](/docs/reference/api/brands/#theme-api-objects) `primaryColorContrastHex` and `secondaryColorContrastHex` automatically optimize the contrast between font color and the background or button color. You can disable the auto-detection feature by updating either property value with an accepted contrast hex value. See [Update Theme](/docs/reference/api/brands/#update-theme).<!--OKTA-426715-->
```

#### New Devices API response property available

Calls to the [List devices](/docs/reference/api/devices/#usage-example-expand-user) endpoint with an `expand=user` query now return the management status associated with each embedded user.<!--OKTA-431007-->

#### New error page macros for themed templates

Custom [error page templates](/docs/guides/custom-error-pages/use-macros/) include new macros to customize the URL (href) in addition to the button text for themed templates.<!--OKTA-440888-->

#### Event Hooks daily limit

> The maximum allowable daily limit of Event Hooks for all orgs has increased from 100,000 to 200,000. A higher daily allocation of Event Hooks reduces the likelihood orgs will exceed their daily limits. See [Limits, duplicates, and order of Hook calls](/docs/reference/hooks-best-practices/#limits-duplicates-and-order-of-hook-calls).<!--OKTA-441433-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum allowable daily limit of Event Hooks for all orgs has increased from 100,000 to 200,000. A higher daily allocation of Event Hooks reduces the likelihood that orgs will exceed their daily limits. See [Limits, duplicates, and order of Hook calls](/docs/reference/hooks-best-practices/#limits-duplicates-and-order-of-hook-calls).<!--OKTA-441433-->
```
